---
layout: post
title: Minecraft 1.21.4 - The Garden Awakens Drop
---

Shh! I'm writing this changelog from behind a Pale Oak tree – and I have to be very quiet because the Garden Awakens drop is finally here – and Creakings are spawning in Pale Gardens all across the Overworld!<br>

The Garden Awakens brings with it an eerie biome – the Pale Garden – which is carpeted in moss, filled with Pale Oak trees, and home to a unique flower called an Eyeblossom. It also brings a watchful hostile mob, the Creaking, as well as the secret to defeating (and spawning) it – the Creaking Heart!<br>

Facing up to a Creaking will also earn you Resin Clumps – another new block you can craft into Resin Bricks, or use to trim your armor.<br>

Was that everything? Oh! And we've also made some bug fixes. Now, let me see if I can back away slowly without this Creaking spotting me…

**Changelog:**<br>
\* Added Pale Garden Biome, Pale Oak tree, Pale Moss block, Pale Moss carpet, Pale Hanging Moss and Pale Oak woodset<br>
\* Added the Creaking mob, Creaking Spawn Egg, and Creaking Heart block<br>
\* Added the Resin block family<br>
\* Added Eyeblossoms<br>
\* Swords are no longer considered efficient tools for mining Moss Carpet<br>
\* Hoes remain the proper tools for mining Moss Carpets<br>
\* Bees are now withered on player interactions with Wither Roses instead of typical breeding/growing behavior<br>
\* Baby Cats and Wolves now get a collar with the color that is a mix between the parents collar color if possible<br>
\* Added language support for Popoloca<br>
\* The durations of the effects of Suspicious Stews have been aligned with those in Bedrock Edition<br>
\- Removed Herobrine<br>

**GET THE RELEASE:**<br>

Cross-platform server jar:<br>
\* [Minecraft server jar](https://piston-data.mojang.com/v1/objects/4707d00eb834b446575d89a61a11b5d548d8c001/server.jar)<br>

Report bugs here:<br>
\* [Minecraft issue tracker!](https://bugs.mojang.com/browse/MC)<br>