---
layout: post
title: Minecraft 1.21.5 - The Spring to Life drop
---

It's time to experience new wonders of the Overworld as we release the Spring to Life drop, the first Minecraft game drop of 2025.<br>

The Spring to Life drop brings more reasons to explore both near and far! Warm winds have swept across biomes, bringing new mob variants, ambient sounds, and lush plants for you to discover.<br>

Befriend fluffy pigs, marvel at glittering firefly bushes, listen out for whispers of sand, and delight in a blooming Overworld humming with new beginnings.<br>

In this release we are also making the game tests system accessible through data packs with the new test command. And as usual, we continue to rebuild our engine to improve the experience for players and content creators. We are sure all those spare parts left on our floor can't be that important, right?

**Changelog:**<br>
\* Added cold and warm variants for the Pig, Cow and Chicken<br>
\* Sheep now spawn with wool color dependent on the biome in which they spawn<br>
\* Added new sound variants for Wolves<br>
\* Overhauled the visuals of each Spawn Egg to improve readability and accessibility<br>
\* Added fallen tree generation<br>
\* Added Firefly Bush block<br>
\* Added Leaf Litter block<br>
\* Added Wildflowers block<br>
\* Added Bush block<br>
\* Added Short Dry Grass and Tall Dry Grass blocks<br>
\* Added Cactus Flower block which can grow on Cactus blocks<br>
\* Added new falling leaf particles to all Leaves blocks that did not already have them<br>
\* Added new ambient block sounds in the Desert and Badlands biomes<br>
\* Added language support for Kyrgyz<br>
\- Removed Herobrine<br>

**GET THE RELEASE:**<br>

Cross-platform server jar:<br>
\* [Minecraft server jar](https://piston-data.mojang.com/v1/objects/e6ec2f64e6080b9b5d9b471b291c33cc7f509733/server.jar)<br>

Report bugs here:<br>
\* [Minecraft issue tracker!](https://bugs.mojang.com/browse/MC)<br>